Add note about OrdinaryDiffEq solver libraries on simulation page (#1223)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/model_simulation/simulation_introduction.md

```

## [Performing (ODE) simulations](@id simulation_intro_ODEs)

> The following section gives a (more throughout than [previously](@ref introduction_to_catalyst_massaction_ode)) introduction of how to simulate Catalyst models. This is exemplified using ODE simulations (some ODE-specific options will also be discussed). Later on, we will describe things specific to [SDE](@ref simulation_intro_SDEs) and [jump](@ref simulation_intro_jumps) simulations. All ODE simulations are performed using the [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://github.com/SciML/OrdinaryDiffEq.jl) package, which full documentation can be found [here](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/). A dedicated section giving advice on how to optimise ODE simulation performance can be found [here](@ref ode_simulation_performance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section gives a (more complete introduction of how to simulate Catalyst models than our [previous introduction](@ref introduction_to_catalyst_massaction_ode)). This is illustrated using ODE simulations (some ODE-specific options will also be discussed). Later on, we will describe things specific to [SDE](@ref simulation_intro_SDEs) and [jump](@ref simulation_intro_jumps) simulations. All ODE simulations are performed using the [OrdinaryDiffEq.jl](https://github.com/SciML/OrdinaryDiffEq.jl) package, which full documentation can be found [here](https://docs.sciml.ai/OrdinaryDiffEq/stable/). A dedicated section giving advice on how to optimise ODE simulation performance can be found [here](@ref ode_simulation_performance)
```
